Fix host_height, host_timestamp return value (#243)
cosmos/ibc-rs: .changelog/unreleased/features/242-change-return-value.md

> - Change host_height, host_timestamp return value in ics02, ics03, ics04

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change `host_height`, `host_timestamp` return value to a `Result` in `ClientReader`, `ConnectionReader`, and `ChannelReader`
```

> - Change host_height, host_timestamp return value in ics02, ics03, ics04

Reviewer: Additionally, can we move this to the `.changelog/unreleased/breaking-changes` directory?
